---
layout: post
title: "Workflow"
comments: true
description: "Description"
keywords: "Workflow"
---

This week is the fourth week since starting my internship at Waag. So far i really like everything i do and the overload of extremely interesting things to learn. Preferably i want to learn everything, fablab/bio-hack/fabrilab combined but sadly i don't have enough time so i have to narrow my subjects. 

###### Subjects

I do want to focus on food (food-tech/science, but also engineering things for food). It doesn't have to be really strict but i think it will be good to work within a theme. 

###### Ferments

I spent a lot of time taking care of the ferments. I do want do keep fermenting but i don't want it to consume all my time. Although i don't think it needs to, now everything has been set up. I can make a schedule for what needs to be done on a daily/weekly basis. 

###### Sprints

To optimize my workflow and to stay focussed i want to work with sprints. I want to pick one topic per week to focus on. I want to try to minimize the time i spend on documenting and do this in my own time. 

###### Reflection

I also want to write a small reflection at the end of each week to see if i completed my goals and to check if i can improve anything. 

###### Flexible attitude

Last but not least i do want to stay flexible and allow myself to also focus on unexpected interesting subjects.

#### TO DO to incorporate this:

- Make rough week-schedule (lectures, documentation, ferments, week-reflection)

- Make list of subjects i want to research

- Make list of possible projects
